# Project Description

A network appliance and supporting network infrastructure meant to facilitate a more localized version of common task services in digital life.  The network appliance (Node) exists indepentently of the rest of the network but on connection to a greater network it looks for other nodes to share data with.

Proof-of-concept node services should include:
* Social Networking
* Digital Bulletin Board
* Emergency broadcast
* Local government programming

## Primary Stakeholders/Actors

* Data Center Service Provider
* Internet Service Provider
* Primary Internet Consumer
* Node Network Operator
* Node Operator
* Node User


## Primary architecture features.

Utilizing available resources optimally is a primary consideration.  Some method of prioritizing discreet collectivization of the individual data streams generated by nodes at the earliest point in the network transition is the current best imagined case.  By attempting this at early points in the network traversal as possible we gain an opportunity to make a choice of redundancy or faster rebroadcast by the faster node.  Expanded to a multi node situation the effective networks could afford both while appearing to consume less network resources (bandwidth, primarily) on slower networks as a clear benefit for the Internet Service Provider.

Like other decentralized solutions, a minimized set of messages is transferred. Matrix or Signal protocols are the best in class solutions for the message passing middle-ware.

Primary Internet Consumers will benefit from the marketing surrounding their support for local digital information services.  Some sort of permanent recognition displayed in-situ and digitally as sponsored ads.


Node users can exist in several states.  User IDs generated through a blockchain system that uses some sort of method to embed a mathematical approximations of their reliability in the amount of blockchain is used to confirm their identity. Reliability can be established in multiple different ways to enhance accessibility.  By phone, text, and importantly in-situ referrals in a nodes physical wireless connection range.  This could allow people who normally could not access the technology (elders, non-technical, disabled) to add to the total community value the node provides.
